Of the 6 criteria presented for playtesting, the one that would be impossible to automate using code would be the fun criteria. It's true that the little to no loading times and screens could be automated, but that problem is only one aspect of a player having fun with a game. The game must be able to have the player engaged at all times that the player is utilizing the product. This challenge creates two unpredictable and sometimes uncontrollable scenarios.

The first scenario involves whether or not the game will actually be enjoyable to the player. Some players buy games just to say that they have played them, but the simple acts of buying and playing are sometimes not enough to engage a player. Other players would rather stick to a specific genre, brand, or series that actually excites them for the next entry or attempt at something new. All games come with an objective of getting to the end, but only the player who potentially buys the product will determine whether or not that they enjoy getting to the end or not.

The second scenario involves the content that is actually created. As stated prior, all games come with an objective of getting to the end, but only the player who potentially buys the product will determine whether or not that they enjoy getting to the end or not. While game engines and specialized tools can run the game worlds as normal and test for abnormalities, there is no player that is actually finding their own way of exploring the world or completing objectives. On another note, even if the developers managed to cut down the loading times and loading screens, it is only a statistic that relates to the computer's attempt of getting through the game's code and completing its tasks on a step-by-step basis. 

The two listed scenarios explain that while many aspects of playtesting can be automated in some way, there is still the need of a player who will want to purchase the product to have fun. The player definitely will want to get through the game without the use of loading screens, but even if the loading screens were long, the game's mechanics need to the engage the player to keep playing casually or intensely every step of the way. The fun content of the game is determined by the developers, not computers. The computers are meant to just churn out the product, provide data on the product, and execute the product.
