In the video Humans Need Not Apply it talks about how a certain industry will be completely decimated by automation in the next few decades. How and what could be done to prevent people who are in those jobs from being impacted? (Expecting 2-3 paragraphs)

Your Answer:
The automobile industry is an industry that is implementing self-driving technology as a part of the automobile's function. While for many individuals that outcome sounds amazing both physically and financially, this revolution will turn thousands of jobs for humans into thousands of jobs for robots that are made by certain humans. As a result, the humans will not be needed to drive vehicles, and when humans who drive vehicles such as trucks, buses, and taxis are no longer needed, incomes and stability will plummet for the average individual or family that depends on that job. Aside from the automobile industry, white-collared work such as writing and legal advising and content creation jobs such as art and music are starting to become automated. The same result of a plummeting workforce and societal instability will become even more present when the jobs that individuals strive for with higher education or personal practice produce no return for their livelihood.

Automation is here and slowly becoming better, but there are some weaknesses that robots have. While robots have the ability to do so much over a period of time, there still is an issue of age and maintenance. Like humans, robots age and need to be maintained after a period of time. Robots that can self-maintain may be a solution, but even then, robots with that function still need to be maintained as well. Unless the world has an endless supply of resources such as materials for parts or energy sources to supply the world's supposedly largest demanding labor resource, the robots have the potential to cause more harm than good to the world. Aside from resources, the world itself, from a technical standpoint, would eventually do away with certain tasks that need not apply. Examples would be driving, farming, and building. Humans no longer need to go to work because a robot did their job for them. If humans no longer work or have purpose, humans may lose their will to live or do other things that they have already done. If humans die, there is no need to farm for food or build homes or units for future technological advances. With no way for the technological society to maintain itself if some terrible mistake occurs, the world would cease to function

The hypothetical case presented is just one of many possibilities, but by traveling down this train of thought, we find a purpose for humans. Humans give personality where robots only give logical thinking. A robot can't feel and share what a human feels and shares with other humans; those same feelings give meaning to the work that most humans do in order to advance in the current society. Regardless, automation is coming, but perhaps humans can embrace it. If automation fails, just like every human does, humans who work in their perspective industries will be needed to keep the industry going. People who serve others in restaurants, nursing homes, or advisement will have more time to converse and make connections with those people. Art and music may be amazing when made by a machine, but it doesn't make a personal connection with a story that is being told. The reason that creativity can be taken over so easily is because people follow a formula that works, and programmers try to replicate that same formula for a bot. When someone does something that is no longer considered logical, the whole logical system that drives automation becomes invalid. This invalidity is what needs to be exploited when the time comes. Most humans love to care about their work and others, and robots will still require that same time and care. If that same special substance that logic and ethics can't replicate ceases, there will be more than just humans that need not apply.
