# Quality Lab

## Game 1: Skyrim: The Elder Scrolls

Skyrim: The Elder Scrolls has plenty of content to bring to the table as a fantasy RPG equipped with a humongous world and lore to explore; however, more content is able to be brought to the table by independent developers and editors. The extra content not made by the original developers and how easily it can be implemented to enhance user experience on modifiable platforms is what makes Skyrim very flexible; even better, the original developers actually allow these modifications to continue. To add on to the statement of Skyrim's flexibility, the game's portability maintains its strength as Skyrim has been ported to several different consoles and can run very well on those perspective consoles despite the demand the quality places on the console's resources. The usability of the game is made simple through the use of tutorials, guides, and control schemes that are made available to the player internally through the software and externally through online communities of gamers. Simply put, Skyrim took time to build, and most of that time was utilized very well in order to bring a quality product that can deliver huge amounts of content but still be accessed through simple controls and mechanics.

## Game 2: The Sims 4

The Sims 4 is the most recent installment of The Sims game series that is known for its ability to allow the user to create a life simulation experience for themselves utilizing a world, characters, assets, and an economic system; this fact makes the game's correctness on par with the series' vision. A game with this much content will be demanding plenty of resources from the computer, in particular. Luckily, the game's assets and programming have the ability to run on industry standard low-end and high-end computers alike, making The Sims 4 one of the most efficient games for almost any PC player in particular. The game also has a community that contributes assets and functions for the world of the Sims 4; by utilizing a Modifications folder in the game's storage folder, the game can easily detect and run modifications that are built for the game and be chosen for a certain session via a window accessed by the user. This feature creates a very flexible environment for a game that acts as a simulation for real life. The Sims series is easily one of the most recognized series of games that can satisfy the craving of someone dreaming of a world very different from real life, and The Sims 4 continues that legacy even further.

## Game 3: Myst

Myst is a classic game that not many modern gamers know about except when re-releases caught their attention. For some reason, this game exhibits a quality unlike any other despite its flaws as a game. From a usability standpoint, the game doesn't tell you how to progress or interact with the world. The world of Myst relied on the player's curiousity to explore, discover, and uncover to progress through the silent story that was crafted by the developers. With a game that didn't have plenty explained, the reliability of the game was important; functions for certain devices had to work as planned to prevent massive confusion from the user. Luckily, the game was able to maintain this reliability and allowed the usability of the game to be tolerated. Because of the game's charm with puzzles and mystery, the game became heavily in demand. The developers were able to prove the game's portability; over the course of several years, the game was released for several consoles that already existed and many more that followed suite. A future that certainly was plausible seemed to come to pass all because of the vision of a few developers to keep one mysterious and charming experience alive.

