Describe the video game crash of 1983. What happened and what could have been to prevent it, if anything? How did the video games industry recover?

Your Answer:
When video games first came out, industries saw an opportunity to make a profit. Developers quickly got to work on technological machines that could run these games that developers would create for these machines. Eventually, multiple companies started producing numerous consoles and games that could be seen today as almost exact replicas of each other. The difference between the consoles was that certain companies made each of them and only allowed their respective games to be played on that specific console. Atari, at the time, was the most popular of the game developers, but, later on, a group of developers left Atari and created Activision as a studio to create their own games. This action introduced the third-party developer model, but there was no control over this model due to the fact that the developers knew the Atari system and knew how to develop games on it. Activision was reined in by Atari by demanding royalties be paid for games being developed by Activision for Atari-built systems.

Even though the third-party problem was temporarily solved, a new problem arose. As part of a scheme to turn a profit, Atari's parent company decided to re-release the hit-game Pac-Man and release a new game based off the movie E.T. When Pac-Man released on the new Atari system, the game had worse graphics than the original game. When E.T. released, there virtually was no game at all. The reason that E.T. didn't have virtually any content was because the game was only given a six-week development period to hit a Christmas deadline. These mistakes caused the public to question the integrity of the video game industry since there was no guaranteed manner of proving the quality and validity of a game and the console for any known company. It wasn't until Nintendo released the Nintendo Entertainment System that the video game crash's effects began to wane. Nintendo released their console with a built-in chip that prevented any unlicensed, pirated, or regional software from running on the console. Nintendo also released their products with an official seal to give consumers more confidence about the product that they were purchasing and from whom it was developed.

The video game crash could've been prevented if the same system that Nintendo used to prevent piracy had been in place. At the time, there was no reason for companies to guard the rights to their technology until the problem got out of control. Aside from the overwhelming consoles and games, the video game crash did not occur because Activision created games for Atari; Activision actually made a huge opportunity for people to join the game industry without being a part of companies that developed the consoles. With access and knowledge being made available to people who wished to become developers for the industry, almost anyone with the same knowledge could plan, build, and test the games for the console; however, the third-party model was not the only issue. The poor quality of the games released later on in order to meet a logical deadline for peaked sales made the idea of quality on such short notice very illogical and arrogant. If Atari's parent company wasn't too eager to turn a profit in a short period of time with no knowledge of the situation and a very needed reality check, the doubt of the quality of the industry would've have been sown into the consumers. Despite these facts, perhaps the crash needed to happen in order to give the arrogant companies a reality check about quality over quantity.
